how did you two meet well Amy had fallen
off the platform of the b train and
Assad and the train was rolling into the
station had caught on fire anyway that's
not true we met on the Internet what
happened she kicked me out man so go
home is that Darrell a Miss abyss mm-hmm
sku this Darrell and I have been working
together for years somebody's follow me
you guys are like a married couple I
cannot afford to editor where team use
your wet nurse we complement each other
you have to just let me know exactly
what line you want my place oh you know
this all to you I didn't get it have you
ever been dumped I actually haven't
attend today's women from love beneath
you so they won't dump you i wouldn't
used to work beneath you're not friends
with her okay i know you think you are
but Jamie Kirkland and you are not
friends it's weird I've never had anyone
like that become interested in this
before let me be your conscience for a
sec do it I would definitely do it I
feel like we have one life like there's
only one spin on this mare girl I mean
that's it fade to black forever and if
so then what we're talking about here
essentially is a victimless crime but if
this is God testing you maybe this is
god rewarding me
cosmic Danny flaked for months it is
going really well it's not going really
well deductively speaking it's going
terribly I want what you guys had well
you see of me and amy is an illusion my
god that's an illusion that couples
create when a third party enters the
room such as we've got you really thing
that we should be getting married yes
all I wanted to do is make a movie about
my ex-girlfriend now she's dead really
dead to me
convert